com/lomovskiy/snitch/BuildConfig.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.BuildConfig
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_lomovskiy_snitch_AppLoader.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_lomovskiy_snitch_AppLoader
com/lomovskiy/snitch/presentation/screen/ScreenFoldersViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenFoldersViewModel_HiltModules
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenFoldersViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenFoldersViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lomovskiy_snitch_presentation_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lomovskiy_snitch_presentation_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lomovskiy_snitch_AppLoader_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lomovskiy_snitch_AppLoader_GeneratedInjector
com/lomovskiy/snitch/presentation/screen/ScreenFoldersViewModel_Factory.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenFoldersViewModel_Factory
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenFoldersViewModel_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/lomovskiy/snitch/presentation/screen/ScreenSettingsViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenSettingsViewModel_HiltModules
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenSettingsViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenSettingsViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lomovskiy_snitch_presentation_screen_ScreenPasswordsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lomovskiy_snitch_presentation_screen_ScreenPasswordsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lomovskiy_snitch_presentation_screen_ScreenFoldersViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lomovskiy_snitch_presentation_screen_ScreenFoldersViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lomovskiy_snitch_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lomovskiy_snitch_AppModule
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_lomovskiy_snitch_AppLoader.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_lomovskiy_snitch_AppLoader
com/lomovskiy/snitch/presentation/screen/ScreenSettingsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenSettingsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenSettingsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lomovskiy_snitch_presentation_screen_ScreenSettingsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lomovskiy_snitch_presentation_screen_ScreenSettingsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/lomovskiy/snitch/presentation/screen/ScreenPasswordsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenPasswordsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenPasswordsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/lomovskiy/snitch/AppLoader_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_GeneratedInjector
com/lomovskiy/snitch/presentation/screen/ScreenSettingsViewModel_Factory.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenSettingsViewModel_Factory
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenSettingsViewModel_Factory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lomovskiy_snitch_presentation_screen_ScreenFoldersViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lomovskiy_snitch_presentation_screen_ScreenFoldersViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/lomovskiy/snitch/presentation/screen/ScreenFoldersViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenFoldersViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenFoldersViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lomovskiy_snitch_presentation_screen_ScreenSettingsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lomovskiy_snitch_presentation_screen_ScreenSettingsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lomovskiy_snitch_presentation_screen_ScreenPasswordsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lomovskiy_snitch_presentation_screen_ScreenPasswordsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/lomovskiy/snitch/Hilt_AppLoader.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.Hilt_AppLoader
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.Hilt_AppLoader$1
com/lomovskiy/snitch/AppModule_Companion_ProvideDispatcherFactory.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppModule_Companion_ProvideDispatcherFactory
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppModule_Companion_ProvideDispatcherFactory$InstanceHolder
com/lomovskiy/snitch/data/PasswordsRepoImpl_Factory.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.data.PasswordsRepoImpl_Factory
com/lomovskiy/snitch/DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCI
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCI
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.DaggerAppLoader_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
com/lomovskiy/snitch/presentation/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/lomovskiy/snitch/presentation/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/lomovskiy/snitch/presentation/screen/ScreenPasswordsViewModel_Factory.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenPasswordsViewModel_Factory
com/lomovskiy/snitch/AppLoader_HiltComponents.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.AppLoader_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/lomovskiy/snitch/presentation/screen/ScreenPasswordsViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenPasswordsViewModel_HiltModules
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenPasswordsViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.lomovskiy.snitch.presentation.screen.ScreenPasswordsViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
